Add news about GCC2019 training nomination (#474)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: src/news/gcc2019_training_nomination/index.md

---
title: 'Nominate a training for the 2019 Galaxy Community Conference (GCC2019)'
date: '2018-12-01'
---
<img class="img-fluid mx-auto" src="/src/news/gcc2019_training_nomination/training_gcc_logo_blue_bg.png" alt="GCC2019" />

> The [**2019 Galaxy Community Conference (GCC2019)**](/src/events/gcc2019/index.md) will be held in be held in **Freiburg, Germany, 1-6 July**. Like [previous Galaxy Community Conferences](/src/gcc/index.md), GCC2019 will feature invited keynotes, accepted talks, posters, demos, birds-of-a-feather gatherings and **training**. But wThe format of GCC this year will be a bit different than the previous years: it starts with 1 day of training and then 3 days with more specialized training sessions aligned with talks. *You can read more about the new format on the [conference FAQ](/src/events/gcc2019/faq/#what-will-be-the-format-for-gcc-in-2019).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [**2019 Galaxy Community Conference (GCC2019)**](/src/events/gcc2019/index.md) will be held in be held in **Freiburg, Germany, 1-6 July**. Like [previous Galaxy Community Conferences](/src/gcc/index.md), GCC2019 will feature invited keynotes, accepted talks, posters, demos, birds-of-a-feather gatherings and **training**. But this year the format of GCC will be quite different to the previous years: it starts with 1 day of training and then 3 days of more specialized training sessions intermixed with talks. *You can read more about the new format on the [conference FAQ](/src/events/gcc2019/faq/#what-will-be-the-format-for-gcc-in-2019).*
```

> The [**2019 Galaxy Community Conference (GCC2019)**](/src/events/gcc2019/index.md) will be held in be held in **Freiburg, Germany, 1-6 July**. Like [previous Galaxy Community Conferences](/src/gcc/index.md), GCC2019 will feature invited keynotes, accepted talks, posters, demos, birds-of-a-feather gatherings and **training**. But wThe format of GCC this year will be a bit different than the previous years: it starts with 1 day of training and then 3 days with more specialized training sessions aligned with talks. *You can read more about the new format on the [conference FAQ](/src/events/gcc2019/faq/#what-will-be-the-format-for-gcc-in-2019).*

Reviewer 2: "will be held in be held" -> will be in Freiburg

Reviewer: Updated my suggested change to incorporate.

**The training topics that are offered are determined by *the community* so *[BY YOU!](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1fBPjEmw7Td52rhBnC0SvflnQCD7Ue5IMJ9RkM0SjnYg/prefill)***

Please give some thought to what topics you would like to see offered, or that you would like to offer, and then [submit them as topic nominations](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1fBPjEmw7Td52rhBnC0SvflnQCD7Ue5IMJ9RkM0SjnYg/prefill). 

Nominated topics can cover a wide range. For example:
- Introduction to Using Galaxy
- Scientific topic oriented trainings
- Community specific trainings

> - Development and administration around Galaxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Galaxy development and administration
```

- Train the trainers

> This list only shows some examples. **Any topic of interest to the Galaxy Community can be nominated and you are encouraged to nominate more than one topic.** If you are looking for ideas, see the topic nominated in: [2016](bit.ly/gcc2016noms), [2015](bit.ly/gcc2015vote), [2014](bit.ly/1s6NtMN), [2013]( bit.ly/1i2j1gN) and the [Galaxy Events page](galaxyproject.org/events/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This list only shows some examples. **Any topic of interest to the Galaxy Community can be nominated and you are encouraged to nominate more than one topic.** If you are looking for ideas, see the topics nominated in: [2016](bit.ly/gcc2016noms), [2015](bit.ly/gcc2015vote), [2014](bit.ly/1s6NtMN), [2013]( bit.ly/1i2j1gN) and the [Galaxy Events page](galaxyproject.org/events/).
```

> The training nomination is open from the **December, 1st** to the **December, 31**. Topics will be compiled into a uniform list by the GCC2017 Organizing Committee, and topics will be voted on by the Galaxy Community starting from the **January, 15th** to the **January, 31st**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The training nomination is open from **December, 1st** to **December, 31**. Topics will be compiled by the GCC2017 Organizing Committee, and voted on by the Galaxy Community from **January, 15th** to **January, 31st**.
```

(copied from above)
